 New weekly game of Far Horizons starting soon!
FAR HORIZONS is a strategic role-playing game of galactic exploration,
trade, diplomacy, and conquest. This is the seventh edition of a game made
by Rick Morneau. It is NOT a beta game and has been thoroughly play tested
for years. It is closed-ended, but we accept replacement players to play
species that drop out.

A new game is beginning as soon as we have enough players. If you are
interested, just head to the website at
http://home.hawaii.rr.com/a69/index.html and fill out the online entry form.

Rules and turn schedule are on the site. Turns are weekly and computer
interpreted. I monitor everything closely, and will not be playing, of
course.

DESCRIPTION: At the start of a game, each player controls an intelligent
species and the home planet on which it lives. As the game progresses, you
can explore nearby regions of the galaxy and establish colonies. As you
range farther and farther from home, you will encounter other intelligent
species. These encounters can be hostile, neutral, or friendly, depending on
the participants. Interstellar war is a distinct possibility.

FAR HORIZONS, unlike some similar games, has been designed to make
role-playing as easy and practical as possible. In addition to being a rich
and realistic simulation, there are no true victory conditions - the game is
played solely for enjoyment. However, at the end of the last turn, final
statistics for all species will be sent to all of the players so that they
can compare their relative strengths and weaknesses. Thus, rather than
requiring a massive bloodletting as in some other similar games, it's
possible for a peace-loving species to effectively "win".

Still, those who enjoy a more aggressive game, or those who wish to
role-play an "evil" or warlike species will not be disappointed. FAR
HORIZONS does not discriminate against anyone - it simply tries to be as
realistic as possible.

Thanks!
Gamemaster
